Multi factor authentication (#7)
game-ci/steam-deploy: README.md

        with:
          username: ${{ secrets.STEAM_USERNAME }}

>           password: ${{ secrets.STEAM_PASSWORD }}
> 		  mfa: ${{ secrets.STEAM_MFA }}

Author: ```suggestion
          password: ${{ secrets.STEAM_PASSWORD }}
          mfa: ${{ secrets.STEAM_MFA }}
```

The password of the Steam Builder Account that you created in setup step 1.

#### mfa

> The MFA confirmation code used when logging into steam.

Author: ```suggestion
The multi-factor authentication code used to login to steam partner network.
```
